Swift and Strong:
  Tiers: 3
  Cost: 2 per tier

  Prerequisites: None

  Tier 1:
    Your Dodge is no longer automatically 0 if your Might is more than 1,5x your Agility
    Your Guard is no longer automatically 0 if your Agility is more than 1,5x your Agility
    Your Might does not negativelly affect your Dodge.
    Your size does not negativelly affect your Guard.

  Tier 2: 
    Same as Tier 1, plus:
    Your size does not negativelly affect your Dodge.
    You have +1 Dodge if you have at least 6 Guard.
    You have +2 Guard if you have at least 5 Dodge.

  Tier 3:
    Same as Tier 2, plus
    Your size does not negativelly affect your Dodge.
    You have +2 Dodge if you have at least 8 Guard.
    You have +2 Guard if you have at least 7  Dodge.

OBS: com a forma que scaling funciona no sistema, vc precisa focar PRA CARALHO(serio, MUITO mesmo)
  em defesa pra ter Dodge ou Guard no nível pra poder pegar a Tier 3, quanto mais ter as DUAS coisas

Weakness Exploitation:
  Tiers: 3
  Cost: 3 per tier

  Prerequisites:
    A: 2 (+1 per tier of this Feat) AND B: 2 (+1 per tier of this Feat)
    (A and B can be any 2 attributes you and the DM agree on)
    (A must be your attribute for ALL normal attacking rolls)

  Effect:
      You have two forms of attack. One of them is used at most situations, and uses Attribute A.
    On your turn, you can chose one creature you can see. Then you may spend your Major Action +
    Your Movement that turn to try to find their weaknesses/weak spots. You make a Perception roll
    to check if you were sucessfull. If you passed the Perception CR(listed below), from then on,
    your attacks gainst that creature are "precise", and you use Attribute B as your attacking
    attribute. This Feat affects your attack as follows:

    Tier 1:
      Your normal attacks deal damage with A -1.
      Your "precise" attacks deal damage with B +1.
      You have advantage 1 to hit on "precise" strikes.

    Tier 2:
      Your normal attacks deal damage with A -1.
      Your "precise" attacks deal damage with B +2.
      You have advantage 1 on "precise" strikes.
      You have advantage 1 on the Perception roll to find a creature's weaknesses.

    Tier 3:
      Your normal attacks deal damage with A.
      Your "precise" attacks deal damage with B +3.
      You have advantage 1 on "precise" strikes.
      You have advantage 1 on the Perception roll to find a creature's weaknesses.
      If your attack roll exceeds the creature's defense roll/CR to hit by 5 or more, inflict one
      of the banes listed below on them,.

  Perception CR:
    The chalenge rating for the Perception roll is calculated as such

    CR = 9 + U - Tiers you have for this Feat 

    U: Constant decided by the DM, that takes into account how Unfamiliar you are with the creature's body
      structure/anatomy. Examples for a typical human adventurer might look like this: (enemy:  U value)
        
      Your archrival, who you've fought many, many times: 1
      Another random human:                               3
      Centaur:                                            5
      DireWolf:                                           6
      giant spider:                                       8
      mechanical golem:                                   10
      formless abomination:                               12
