Weakness Exploitation:
  Tiers: 4
  Cost: 2 per tier

  Prerequisites:
    A: 2 (+1 per tier of this Feat) AND B: 2 (+1 per tier of this Feat)
    (A and B can be any 2 attributes you and the DM agree on)
    (A must be your attribute for ALL normal attacking rolls)

  Effect:
      You have two forms of attack. One of them is used at most situations, and uses Attribute A.
    On your turn, you can chose one creature you can see. Then you may spend your Major Action +
    Your Movement that turn to try to find their weaknesses/weak spots. You make a Perception roll
    to check if you were sucessfull. If you passed the Perception CR(listed below), from then on,
    your attacks gainst that creature are "precise", and you use Attribute B as your attacking
    attribute. This Feat affects your attack as follows:

    Tier 1:
      Your normal attacks deal damage with A -1.
      Your "precise" attacks deal damage with B +1.
      You have advantage 1 to hit on "precise" strikes.

    Tier 2:
      Your normal attacks deal damage with A -1.
      Your "precise" attacks deal damage with B +2.
      You have advantage 1 on "precise" strikes.
      On a Perception roll 5 or more above the CR, you gain some information about the enemy
        (at DM's discretion). Examples of this might be getting to know the creatures current/max
        HP/MP and/or Stamina, 1 (ONE) weakness/ resistance it has, it's level, it's primary
        Attribute and it's score on it, or something about it's attack pattern or possible threat
        level.
      If your attack roll exceeds the creature's defense roll/CR you can chose to deal half damage,
        and inflict one of the banes listed below on them (if you have met the Bane requirements),
        with a PL <= atkRoll - defense.

    Tier 3:
      Your normal attacks deal damage with A.
      Your "precise" attacks deal damage with B +2.
      You have advantage 2 on "precise" strikes.
      You have advantage 1 on the Perception roll to find a creature's weaknesses.
      On a sucessfull Perception roll, you gain some information about the enemy (at DM's
        discretion). examples of this might be getting to know the creatures current/max HP,
        it's 2 main Attributes and it's scores on them, it's level, 1-2 weaknesses/ resistances
        it has, or something about it's attack pattern or possible threat level.
      If your attack roll exceeds the creature's defense roll/CR you can chose to deal half damage,
        and inflict one of the banes listed below on them (if you have met the Bane requirements),
        with a PL <= atkRoll - defense.
      If your attack roll exceeds the creature's defense roll/CR by 5 or more, you can inflict one of
        the banes listed below on them (if you have met the Bane requirements), with a
        PL <= atkRoll - (2*defense + 5)

    Tier 4:
      Your normal attacks deal damage with A +1.
      Your "precise" attacks deal damage with B +3.
      You have advantage 2 on "precise" strikes.
      On a sucessfull Perception roll, you gain knowledge about the creature's max/current HP and
        level. if the roll was 5 or more higher than the CR, you also gain knowledge of the creature's
        weaknesses and resistances, and their primary Attribute's score. if you beat it by 10 or more,
        you gain knowledge of all of it's Attribute scores.
      You have advantage 1 on the Perception roll to find a creature's weaknesses.
      If your attack roll exceeds the creature's defense roll/CR you can chose to deal half damage,
        and inflict one of the banes listed below on them (if you have met the Bane requirements),
        with a PL <= atkRoll - defense.
      If your attack roll exceeds the creature's defense roll/CR by 5 or more, you can inflict one of
        the banes listed below on them (if you have met the Bane requirements), with a
        PL <= atkRoll - (2*defense + 5)

  Possible Banes: (the number in parenthesis is the minimum tier of this Feat required to inflict the Bane)
    - Knockdown      (2)
    - Immobile       (2)
    - Provoked       (2)
    - Deafened       (3)
    - Silenced       (3)
    - Blinded        (3)
    - Stunned        (3)
    - Incapacitated  (4)
    - Fatigued       (4. you do not need to meet the Entropy attribute requirements for this Bane)
    - Sickened       (4. you do not need to meet the Entropy attribute requirements for this Bane)

  Perception CR:
    The chalenge rating for the Perception roll is calculated as such

    CR = 9 + U - Tiers you have for this Feat 

    U: Constant decided by the DM, that takes into account how Unfamiliar you are with the creature's body
      structure/anatomy. Examples for a typical human adventurer might look like this: (enemy:  U value)

      Your archrival, who you've fought many, many times: 1
      Another random human:                               3
      Centaur:                                            5
      DireWolf:                                           6
      giant spider:                                       8
      mechanical golem:                                   10
      formless abomination:                               12

  *OBS: Esse Feat tem alguns pontos de balanceamento interessantes, que são:
    1. Para usar esse Feat é necessário investir em ambos A e B, o que restringe muito o personagem.
      ex: para pegar o Feat na Tier 4, tem que gastar 42 pontos de atributo nesses dois stats. (6 em cada)

    2. Para poder usar os bonus no ataque, um turno inteiro (Main Action + Movement) tem que ser gasto TENTANDO
      achar as fraquezas inimigas.
      
      2.1. Com isso, pra ser efetivo, o personagem TEM que investir também em Perception, o que limita ele ainda
        mais.

      2.2. Mesmo se ele conseguir passar na rolagem de Perception, esse bonus de ataque preciso só funciona contra
        UM inimigo, e pelo menos mais um turno é gasto para achar fraquezas em outro oponente

    3. Durante as primeiras 2 Tiers, o personagem é mais fraco, atacando normalmente, do que seria se não tivesse
      investido nesse Feat (e ele teria que ter investido 4 Feat Points e 20 Pontos de Atributo para ter a Tier 2).

  É possível que esse feat seja Over Powered ou Under Powered. nesse caso, aqui estão possíveis patchs de balanceamento:
    OP:
      - Diminuir o dano na Tier 4 para B+2 em vez de B+3 (mas se fizer isso acho que é melhor botar algum bonus também para balancear)
      - Aumentar o custo da Tier 3 para 3 Feat points em vez de 2
      - Aumentar o custo da Tier 4 para 3 Feat points em vez de 2
      - Diminuir a vantagem no ataque da Tier 3 para 1 em vez de 2
      - Diminuir a quantidade de Tiers de 4 para 3, e aumentar o custo por Tier de 2 para 3
      - Diminuir a vantagem na Tier 1 e/ou Tier 2 de 1 para 0 no ataque
      - Diminuir a vantagem na Tier 3 e/ou Tier 4 de 2 para 1 no ataque
      - Dar desvantagem(1 ou mais) em ataques não-precisos
    UP:
      - Diminuir a quantidade de Tiers de 4 pra 3. (Tier N+1 vira Tier N)
      - Aumentar a vantagem em ataques precisos

Defensive Form:
  Tiers: 3
  Cost: 2

  Prerequisites: Alteration: X+1 for tier X

  Tier 1:
      Can expend a Major Action to roll Alteration. on a successful roll, expend 4 Mana and recieve a buff
    for (Alteration+1) turns, that increases Guard by 1.