Petrification:
  Duration: 
    PL 1-4: Resist all stages (Fail -> CR lowers by 2)
    PL 5-6: Resist all stages (Fail -> CR lowers by 1)
    PL 7-9: Resist all stages (Fail -> CR increases by 2)

  Effect:
      If the target succeds the resist roll the bane's Level lowers by 1. if the Bane was already at 
    Level 1, the bane ends and the target can move up to half their movement without triggering
    oportunity attacks.

    PL < 5
      * Petrification's maximum Level is 2
      * Petrification only gains stages if the source is continuous
      * Petrification goes down 1 Level at the end of the target's turn if the source of the bane isn't
        continuous

    PL < 7 and PL >= 5
      * Petrification's maximum Level is 3
      * The target gets disadvantage-1 on the resist roll if the source is continuous
      * Petrification gains one Level at the end every one of the target's turns, if they fail the resist

    PL > 7
      * Petrification gains one Level at the end every one of the target's turns, if they fail the resist
      * The target gets disadvantage-1 on the resist roll if the source is continuous
      * If the save was made but the source is continuous, the bane stays at that Level (only if PL = 9)
      
    Level 1:
        The taget has their speed reduced by half, and at the end of their turn can use 1 free action to
      roll to resist this bane. If target stays at this Level for 3 rounds, the bane wears off.

    Level 2:
        The target is immobile, and o their turn can only perform 1 major action + 1 free action to roll to
      resist this bane. If target stays at this Level for 3 rounds, it lasts 1 minute.

    Level 3:
        The target is immobile, can't talk and can only perform 1 free action to resist this bane on their
      turn. If target stays at this Level for 3 rounds, it lasts 1 hour. The target's weight increases by
      half.

    Level 4:
        The target is immobile, can't talk, be affected by potions, or act at all. the target's weight triples.
      this effect can only be dispelled by a powerfull healer's constant attention and care, through a period
      of one week (the Petrification does not advance during the cleansing process). After 3 full days, at the
      start of the 4th day, the target rolls a d20 against a CR of 12 to stay alive. On a fail, the target
      dies. On a success, the target lives and the CR increases by 2. Roll again at the start of the next day.